Export API-Add message history support (#16857)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/chatmessagehistoryitem.md

---
title: "chatMessageHistoryItem resource type"
description: "Represents the edition history of a message in a chat or a channel."
author: "agnesliu"
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# chatMessageHistoryItem resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents the edition history of a message in a chat or a channel.

Reviewer: Do messages have "editions", or can the description here simply be "Represents activity history information for a message in a chat or a channel."

Author: The "edition" here means "modification", but in case confusion, I have changed it to "activity history".

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |actions|chatMessageActions|The message edition action.The possible values are: `reactionAdded`, `reactionRemoved`, `actionUndefined`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

Reviewer: Same question here about the use of "edition". Also please add the missing space after the period.

Author: Thanks for the comment and I just changed.

> |modifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The message modification date time.|

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
```suggestion
|modifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when the message was modified. |
```

Author: Changed, thanks!

> |reaction|[chatMessageReaction](../resources/chatmessagereaction.md)|The reaction in the modified message.|

Reviewer 2: What kind of reaction are we referring to? The emojis reactions? What confuses me is the use of the article "the". 

Suggestion:
```suggestion
|reaction|[chatMessageReaction](../resources/chatmessagereaction.md)| Any reaction to the modified message. |
```

Author: Use "the" because this reaction is specific to the message which is just changed, and only one reaction will be changed every time. :)

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add the definition of the new enumeration chatMessageActions. You can either define it in the enums.md file or in this topic, bellow the Properties table. 
Please follow the guidelines here: https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/211747/Enumerations

Use either Option 1 or 2 according to your best judgement.

Author: Thanks for the comment. Added the enumeration chatMessageActions to enums.md.
